# readme
MUSTAPHA BEN DAOUD BARKI PASSIONATE GITHUB USER GitHub Profile On GitHub since 2012, Mustapha Ben Daoud Barki is a developer based in Morocco with 940 public repositories and 62 followers. Website https://barkimustaphaipdev.wordpress.com Languages Python (27%) JavaScript (18%) CSS (18%) C++ (18%) Java (9%) C (9%) Popular Repositories php-yaml C – Creator &amp; Owner 2015 Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/php-yaml  This repository has 3 stars and 0 forks. If you would like more information about this repository and my contributed code, please visit the repo on GitHub.  quite-rss C++ – Creator &amp; Owner 2015 Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/quite-rss  This repository has 2 stars and 0 forks. If you would like more information about this repository and my contributed code, please visit the repo on GitHub.  aladin Creator &amp; Owner 2012 – 2017 @barkinet  This repository has 1 star and 0 forks. If you would like more information about this repository and my contributed code, please visit the repo on GitHub.  barki2015 Creator &amp; Owner 2015 win7/ubuntu14  This repository has 1 star and 0 forks. If you would like more information about this repository and my contributed code, please visit the repo on GitHub.  course-builder Python – Creator &amp; Owner 2015 Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/course-builder  This repository has 1 star and 0 forks. If you would like more information about this repository and my contributed code, please visit the repo on GitHub.  Contributions barkinet/resume.github.com barkinet has contributed for barkinet/resume.github.com with 1 commit(s) barkinet/wordpress-develop-1 barkinet has contributed for barkinet/wordpress-develop-1 with 1 commit(s) barkinet/Mail-for-Good barkinet has contributed for barkinet/Mail-for-Good with 1 commit(s) barkinet/fbConnect barkinet has contributed for barkinet/fbConnect with 1 commit(s) barkinet/freecode barkinet has contributed for barkinet/freecode with 1 commit(s) barkinet/barki barkinet has contributed for barkinet/barki with 1 commit(s) barkinet/firmware-mod-kit barkinet has contributed for barkinet/firmware-mod-kit with 1 commit(s) barkinet/hello-word barkinet has contributed for barkinet/hello-word with 1 commit(s) About This Résumé This résumé is generated automatically using public information from the developer's GitHub account. The repositories are ordered by popularity based on a very simple popularity heuristic that defines the popularity of a repository by its sum of watchers and forks. Do not hesitate to visit Mustapha Ben Daoud Barki's GitHub page for a complete work history. Mustapha Ben Daoud Barki — https://barkimustaphaipdev.wordpress.com — https://github.com/barkinet
